Fix log path (#1655)
win-acme/win-acme: docs/manual/automatic-renewal.md

## Monitoring
The renewal process can be monitored from the Windows Event Viewer and log files 

> written to `%programdata%\win-acme\acme-v02.api.letsencrypt.org\Log`. You can also set up email notifications 

Author: ```suggestion
written to `%programdata%\win-acme\$baseuri$\Log`. You can also set up email notifications 
```
